Update QtCreator configuration guide (#12230)
godotengine/godot-docs: engine_details/development/configuring_an_ide/qt_creator.rst

------------------------

Developers must follow the project's `code style <https://contributing.godotengine.org/en/latest/engine/guidelines/code_style.html>`__
and the IDE should help them follow it.

- Open **Preferences > C++ > Code Style**.
- Set the **Formatting mode** to **Full formatting** to instruct Qt Creator to use the ``.clang-format`` file supplied in Godot's root folder:

.. figure:: img/qtcreator-options-cpp.png
   :figclass: figure-w480
   :align: center

> - Specify when you want ``clang-format`` to run (either while typing or when you saving the file). It is recomanded to enable formatting on save at minimum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specify when you want ``clang-format`` to run (either while typing or when you saving the file). It is recommended to enable formatting on save at least.
```
